Provided better example for logging cookbook (GH-101164) (#101164)
python/cpython: Doc/howto/logging-cookbook.rst

--------------------------------------------------------------

An example of how you can define a namer and rotator is given in the following

> snippet, which shows gzip compression of the log file::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
runnable script, which shows gzip compression of the log file::
```
